# iNebriated

## Bartender culture is everywhere, and so are bespoke creations. Luckily we blended the two together so it always goes down smooth. iNebriated utilizes the untapped potential of the up and coming mexology world so that mixologist can share their creations the same way virtually every other form of media is able to. Drinking will never be antiquated, so neither should their creators. With iNebriated, a posh drink designed in LA can be enjoyed by everyone from oligarchs to sewer rats. Feeling creative? are you a caged bird? A starving libiral arts major? Well get ready to spit shine those glasses because you ARE relavent the world is ready to taste what you have to mix.

# Purpose

## We've all seen mixology competitions in the fringes of our youtube recommendations, but whether it's a redbull sponsored event, or some obscure dive bar whose walls are lined with old boots, nothing is yet standardized for one of the most standard and ancient tradition for virtually every human on earth...or at least, you know, the cool ones. New drinks are being mixed up every day in every part of the world and the last thing we want you to do is choke down one more blue label. Instead, give us a list of any consumable beverage in your house, and we will give you drink options from people relatively more crafty than you. That is unless of course you are a stallion behind the bar. If that is the case, its not even true until you prove it to countless strangers. How? Use our simple rating system to see how you measure up to every other self titled hotshot with a distracting facial piercing. Your parents may not understand you, but odds are someone on iNebriated will. Craft and share your own personal menu for bragging rights or job offers. Either way, you will be an exponentially smarter drinker every time you stop by.
